Game(1)                     Manual pager utils                     Game(1)

NAME         top

       Game - Useful manual of game

SYNOPSIS         top

       Welcome to the Digital World, in this adventure you will have to learn how to use ten
       basic commands in order to defeat the ruthless dragon that has been tormenting our
       town for thousands of years. Do you have what it takes to save our town?

DESCRIPTION         top

      The game is based on an miscelanieus story taht takes places in the Digital world, more concretly
      in Mitocondria town. You will have to defeat a great dragon and save your uncle from it's fatal death, and so meanwhile
      you will be learning how to use Unix commands in a very funny way.

EXAMPLES         top

       ls [mandatory directory]
           Display the manual page for the item (program) ls. In game it will be used for seeking doors and rooms
	   This will allow the user to continue in the story timeline.

       ls -l [mandatory directory]
	   Display the manual page for the item (program) ls.
           However with option -l the programm will show more especific
           information such as permisions, links to files, owners name...
	   More concretly in game will be used to see where the user is able to enter or open chests (permissions).


       man
           Display the manual page for macro package man

       help
           Display the manual page for the command help. This one
	   is used for knowing how a single command works.

       cat
           Display the manual page for the command cat. In this case cat is
           used to see what is written inside a file without need of entering it

       pwd
           Display the manual page for the command pwd. This one is used in orde
           to print into the standar output the current working directory.

       cp
           This command will copy (making use of soft links) the file choosen in the argument line
	   ¡Be carefull, this command won't copy the file it's selve , it will create a soft link to
           the file from another choosen memory space, if you delete the original file the copy will be also deleted!

       grep
           Display the manual page for command grep. This command will give from the choosen file the number of the line
	   of the string you are looking for.

       mv
           mv is a Unix command used to move or rename files or directories in the file system. The original file is deleted and
           a new file is created with the same contents, the name may be different or it may be the same. In case it is used in the
           same path with the file name and another name, only the file name is changed.

       bag
	   This is a personal command created for this game, it's used to show what the hero has in his bag at that point of the story,
	   it will be mandatory to use in same part's. Here is where food or swords are stored.

       cd
	   The cd command, also known as chdir (change directory), is a command-line shell command used to change the current working
           directory on various operating systems. It can be used in shell scripts and batch files. In addition it can be also used to
           move between streets, houses and  rooms inside the game.
